Updated alt attributes of some images in "getting_started_with_web" guide. (#19616)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/getting_started_with_the_web/what_will_your_website_look_like/index.md

To choose a color, go to [the Color Picker](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Colors/Color_picker_tool) and find a color you like. When you click on a color, you'll see a strange six-character code like `#660066`. That's called a _hex code_ (short for hexadecimal), and represents your color. Copy the code down somewhere safe for now.

> ![Screenshot of Color-Picker-Tool on MDN Docs website](color-picker.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Color-Picker-Tool on MDN Docs website with RGB, HSL, and HEX colors ](color-picker.png)
```
